just going to do a short tour of her
stairs new camp on the Ottawa Pascale
River they're calling it Canada camp
it's roughly 40 kilometers downstream
from their existing camp on pym right
beside a large creek they're calling
canada creek that flows into the river
we have 20-foot freighter canoes with 15
horse mercs and there are just a joy to
fish out if they're absolutely
outstanding the camp was a private camp
that they acquired so much of what
you're going to see the camp needs to
clean up but it's once it gets set up
it's going to be incredible there's a
water system in place which we didn't
get to use on the deck here of the main
cabin we have a fish cooker a really
outstanding Weber barbecue there's a
second cabin over here which we didn't
use and it's full of basically junk but
I'll just show you quickly the front is
a screen porch so when the camp is
properly set up it's going to be a
fantastic place to sit in the evening
another water tank there and the
beautiful part is in this cabin we
didn't get to use it because it wasn't
set up yet but there's a shower there's
a hot water tank indoor toilet and a
shower so when it's set up it'll be a
really really nice camp we'll just take
a quick look inside the main cabin it's
been just a fantastic place to stay for
a week right now it's snowing which is
kind of incredible for June the second
all right
hi guys one main room propane fridge
that works absolutely fantastic and a
really really nice wood stove I think
that one was from Maine I'm guessing the
guys that own this camp before we're
from somewhere down in that neck of the
woods there's three bedrooms nice little
wooden shelves to stack your stuff
decent mattresses they're all the same
really comfortable when the water system
gets sucked up there will be running
water at the sink but right now we well
dug hauled water constantly you're a
good man and that's it it's absolutely
beautiful finished with these logs
inside what do you think guys great
place awesome all right that's it